well after a lot of head-scratching we
managed to crack the recipe for the
batter but what you need is one of these
our soda siphon use for making
carbonated drinks we're gonna use it to
put more bubbles in the batter so to
make the batter recipe in here I've got
flour and rice flour I'm gonna add to
that some honey now this will just help
the color of the batter and then vodka
then finally I'm gonna add the beer it's
important to open this last minute
because you want to keep as much gas in
here as possible so we're gonna make the
batter even lighter mix everything
together again it's important to keep
the bubbles don't be too worried if
you've got some lumps still in here if
anything that says you're gonna make for
more interesting texture now I need to
fill the siphon can you can see these
lumps going in those lumps are gonna
give us really wonderful little nuggets
of crisp batter to charge the siphon a
canister co2 here and I'm gonna do that
three times Skip's and you get as much
carbon dioxide in here as possible so
when this is fully charged it needs to
go in the fridge and the reason for this
is carbon dioxide is much more soluble
in cold liquid so we're calling the
batter down we're gonna get more gas
more bubbles and make for a crisper
lighter batter
so now tar chips this is the third and
final stage for our chips after the
second drying in the fridge that need to
be fried one more time then these have
been in here for three minutes at 190
degrees centigrade another four five
minutes and they'll be ready on to the
fish I've got in here a pan of oil amuse
a pan lot of fryer for two reasons one
because the size of it that's secondly
and more importantly we need to cook
this batter really quickly
most fryers are not very accurate and
reliable at higher temperatures so I've
got a probe it's very important to make
sure you know the temperature we're
looking for 220 I'm using the Pro to
make sure the oil doesn't get too hot
the
just empty this out into the bowl you
can see all the bubbles the reason for
coating the fish and seasoned flour is
to make sure that the batter sticks
otherwise it's gonna fall off into the
batter and straight into the oil if
something I picked up from the tempura
restaurant just taking a spatula and
drizzling that batter on top of the fish
and you're gonna get these wonderful
shards of really light fish batter there
these tips are now ready this batter is
so crispy looks fantastic and the chips
now I just want to have a look at the
fish that is perfect